[App config] Perf tests (#15763)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/appconfiguration/perf-tests/app-configuration/README.md

### Guide

1. Build the app-config perf tests package `rush build -t perf-app-configuration`.
2. Copy the `sample.env` file and name it as `.env`.

> 3. Create a storage account and populate the `.env` file with `APPCONFIG_CONNECTION_STRING` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Create a App Configuration resource and populate the `.env` file with `APPCONFIG_CONNECTION_STRING` variable.
```
 Or...

4. Run the tests as follows

>    - list settings

Reviewer: What's special about these settings?

Author: list configuration settings? what do you mean?

>      - `npm run perf-test:node -- ListSettingsTest --warmup 2 --duration 7 --iterations 2 --parallel 2`

Reviewer 2: is this service rate-limited?

Author: There is throttling similar to Form recognizer or metrics advisor.

Reviewer 2: if the operation is not a LRO, can you experiment with the number for the parallel param if the limit is not too bad?

Author: The limit is 20,000 requests per hour, it is quite simple to hit the limit.
We'll soon get the proxy-tool so that we don't have to hit the live service all the time.
